Add SocketPath/PciID to Interface struct (#1069)
containernetworking/cni: SPEC.md

- `cniVersion`: The same version supplied on input - the string "1.1.0"
- `interfaces`: An array of all interfaces created by the attachment, including any host-level interfaces:
    - `name` (string): The name of the interface.
    - `mac` (string): The hardware address of the interface (if applicable).
    - `sandbox` (string): The isolation domain reference (e.g. path to network namespace) for the interface, or empty if on the host. For interfaces created inside the container, this should be the value passed via `CNI_NETNS`.

>     - `socket_path` (string): The path of the socket that can be passed down to OCI runtimes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `socket_path` (string, optional): An absolute path to a socket file corresponding to this interface, if applicable.
```

>     - `pci_id` (string): The combination of vendor id and device id to uniquely identify a device.

Reviewer 2: Could you change go convention, as camel case? (i.e. socketPath / pciID)

>     - `pci_id` (string): The combination of vendor id and device id to uniquely identify a device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `pciID` (string, optional): The platform-specific identifier of the PCI device corresponding to this interface, if applicable.
```
